[Music]
very good my dear amal from the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day and I am here catching up on
all the news
after almost a few hours of rest
today I don't think I'm going to be live
family but because I have a bad cold I do
n't know if you can notice it in my voice but I
'm overwhelmed we did I've been doing a
few during the day like this and we studied well
we did the nose because of how deep it is
ringing all the time then news like
that recorded the news and upload them
steam and pulling but the truth is that doing it
live I don't think I'm going to feel like it not
for the lordship or for the kids or anything you
have a video on the main channel the
main channel hub and oliveira have a
video of those that you like with
newspaper archives Isabel Rábago and she passes them on and you
see it if you haven't seen it subscribe
April 20 too and on javi el canijo
I have the last thing that I uploaded a debate with
Juanca or Juan who spoke about an argument
that we had and we fixed it live
we debated and so on and it's quite
fun for  minutes
the debate is quite fun so javi
oliveira and javi el canijo are my other
channels worth taking a look at
the family what I'm going to tell you
seems quite incredible to me but of
this person who has dropped the bomb and
everyone is echoing how
this is talking about this red guy I don't
know okay I won't put my hand in the
fire for him but what they tell me is that
when he risks dropping the bomb there is
something I'm not telling you what exactly
but at least it's sounding like what
something sounds like when they say
when the river sounds water carries something
good something maybe I don't know
exactly this but something not that they would
be negotiating for survivors to
marta riesgo with antonio david on the
set to defend her
remember that there was also a
lot of talk about what brand riesgo
was negotiating with sálvame I don't know what
in the end it was left up in the air
nothing was ever known and no one corrected anything or anything
now so we'll see how this
comes out it would be wonderful I would
like marta riesgo in survivor
what happens is that it would be a little al es
alecia up  in the end it's not that good
that I compared her to Alexia up above and
we said no because it's not being taken advantage of,
there's no reality show it's that I don't
see her wanting a reality show, I mean I do
n't see them as a real family
today I think she would have had the
opportunity the times that since they
caught her with Antonio well the
nightclub that she is not where they said he
was giving her a bite or a
kiss on the neck something like that and she hasn't
gone or any plate or cheered or
anything like that but well now maybe
if he makes her an offer that is
strong listen to me just have it and
live the experience also that not everything
is about money also the experience
and within that it is offered to her
then I would say that
I would say that Marta riesgo could be
demanding that Antonio David be the one to
defend her on plate that I don't want every
defender who wants to defend her
Antonella well term and she would be
following it and Telecinco also in parts I
think she is realizing a little that she
cannot veto that this is not
going well for them  you can enter I'll see
a little bit about there on the other hand Antonio
Davis also step on television again I
think that what I think is what they
want or rather as a family with all the
respect that I have for him okay Antonio David
I think that the thing about YouTube no I think that he was
very excited about it at first at most
I'm wrong in the feeling that you give me what I
think but well then
inside each one in their house and their
heads I don't know what there is but so at
first there is a bit looking
above and from
our perspective I think that they don't like this YouTube thing
or rather to have it there father from time to time
but as a cold cold job fixed this thing
of having to investigate
make the structure a video and record and
then I think that this is not YouTube
you have to be you know and I think that he
wants the pl I think that in the end what he
is looking for what he is going to have to
achieve is to return to television which
is where he handles himself best also it
is where he performs
much better than on YouTube and how
good that YouTube has that yes no that he
leaves it  but I think he wants
TV
I think if you make him choose you
prefer it's worth it family we will be
informed of everything that comes
out about this but I have my
doubts it all seems very recent to me
as to why they
would allow or want this I tell you
these people work like this I would not be
surprised if let's see apart he feels more it is
heated precisely with more with
more intention no with more reason he would have
Telecinco and fined no what is it that
Survivor has to close this we have to
remember that the
organization a good catch is a
good move and it is that they already had
Olga the Survivor closed knowing that
the documentary was going to be broadcast or rather in the
end even if they are different producers
the network in the network we will see how
the matter develops we will see
what is happening but as I tell you for me
I hope it is for me I hope for me I hope Mar
to laugh with Survivor for me I hope
Antonio I saw her on set and he responding
to things like how
Rocío Flores is doing no because instead of you
doing it in Rocío Flores the same  that she
from her program just like the oak to
thousands of her program answers to the
possibility that they are asking
Antonio because he answers I don't know what
but it's that I also see that he asks for
books I Carrasco has them very much by the
leash to Telecinco so I don't know to
what extent they have freedom guest to
propose or offer programs to
whoever they want then we will
see it okay family I tell you I will be
happy to tell me what you think don't
forget the videos of the other channels
while I am catching up on this one
or I send a huge hug family I
love you very much
[Music]